README.md, before:

## *THIS CODE HAS NOT YET BEEN FULLY TESTED!* 

# Automatic Emergency Ringdown Dialer 
## (Alternatively, "The Oh Fuck! I need some fucking help! Dialer")
Please adapt and improve and change as you see fit. The important thing is that this option is available to those who might need it. 

Consider linking/acknowledging ["Lawyer. Passport. Locksmith. Gun. (A Talk About Risk & Preparedness)"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI) if you improve/change this code.

## *USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. NO WARRANTIES MADE. YMMV.*

## Inspiration
Deviant Ollam's story about his friend Kara from ["Lawyer. Passport. Locksmith. Gun. (A Talk About Risk & Preparedness)" (starting at 52:46)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI&t=52m46s) through the end of the video, but especially ["L.P.L.G.": 59:34-1:02:42](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI&t=59m34s) (if you only have 60s to spare, please watch ["L.P.L.G.": 1:01:44-1:02:42](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI&t=1h01m44s) to understand why this system and ones like it might be important).

Kara's story hit home for me in a very serious way as a fellow transwoman. She's living/lived my literal worst nightmare, and especially the part about her not being able to get help has always terrified me, and has prevented me from doing/pursuing some of the activism I wanted to take part in. I'm so incredibly sorry she went through everything she did, and I hope she recovers/recovered quickly and that her circumstances improve/improved even more quickly. While I can't do anything to help Kara, I can publish this code to help others like her get access to folks/activate support nets as quickly as possible.

## What does this code do?
The system being implemented here is a version of what Dev describes at ["L.P.L.G.": 1:03:29-1:04:56](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI&t=1h03m29s). It creates **one phone number** for you/your loved ones to remember, where, if/when it is called by anyone, a phone call blast is sent out to all of your emergency contacts (so **everyone** knows something is wrong with someone on the list), and then it dials everyone individually in sequence (in case the first person to pick up is an answering machine/you didn't get the person/people that are most able to help you).

This solution is a more affordable version of the solution that Dev presents at ["L.P.L.G.": 1:03:29-1:04:56](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI&t=1h03m29s). I can't afford $20+/mo right now on a worst case/will hopefully never need to use it solution, but I can spend $2/mo or less for the peace of mind it brings. The Basic Implementation Guide is meant so that anyone can use it, regardless of technical knowledge, because I found Twilio's UI to be somewhat unfriendly to the beginner and I don't want that to be a barrier. If any of it is found to be out of date, please log this under Issues on GitHub, with as much detail as possible.

# Basic Implementation
This system uses [Twilio.com](https://twilio.com) to implement a version of an automatic ring-down list in the most light-weight way possible (to my knowledge) and with minimal technical skill required, Copy-Paste and simple editing of names and phone numbers is all that's required.

1. Make an account at [Twilio.com](https://twilio.com)
2. Verify Email Address and set up 2FA: "Account Name" in Top Right Corner -> User Settings
3. Upgrade from Trial Account: "Upgrade" in Top Bar -> Go through prompts to add address/credit-card/etc.
    - You must have non-Trial account for Twilio to dial phone numbers other than those verified in Twilio
    - I recommend using the auto-top up feature, you want this to work, even if you've forgotten about it.
4. Have Twilio Host Your Code: Explore Products (Sidebar) -> Developer Tools -> TwiML Bins
    - Add Friendly Name
    - Copy and Paste Code from [BasicRingdownCode.xml](BasicRingdownCode.xml)
    - Replace ```[Your Name]```, ```[Friend's Name]```, ```[Country Code, then your phone number, e.g. +19998887770]```, ```[Country Code, then friend's phone number, e.g. +1999888777*]``` fields with your name, your close friends' names, your phone number, your friends' phone numbers, respectively (without the square brackets).
    - Leave ```callerId="[Country Code (US is +1), then Phone Number Purchased through Twillio, e.g. +13332221111]"``` as is, we will update it in Step 9.
    - Make sure the TwiML sytax registers as valid
    - Hit Create
    - Copy the URL
5. Save App URL to a Friendly Name: Explore Products (Sidebar) -> Programmable communications -> Voice -> Manage -> TwiML Apps -> Create new TwiML App
    - Give your app a friendly name
    - Put the URL from step for into the Voice Configuration -> Request URL Field
    - Leave Request Method as HTTP POST
    - Hit Create
6. Add your Verified Caller ID: Explore Products (Sidebar) -> Super Network Section -> Phone Numbers -> Manage -> Verified Caller IDs
    - You must have Verified Caller ID to buy a phone number
7. Get a phone number: Explore Products (Sidebar) -> Super Network Section -> Phone Numbers -> Manage -> Buy a number 
    - Search for a number you/your trusted circle will remember!
    - Hit Buy!
    - Save the phone number to your phone, share with friends, and add it to a slip of paper inside of your phone case (just in case!)
8. Link Code to Phone Number(s): Explore Products (Sidebar) -> Super Network Section -> Phone Numbers -> Manage -> Active Numbers -> [The Number You Just Purchased]
    - (Optional) Give this number a friendly name (e.g. the "OH F*CK LINE")
    - Voice & Fax Section: Use the following settings
      - Accept Incoming: Voice Calls
      - Configure With: TwiML App
      - TWIML App: [The TwiML App Name you created in Step 5.]
    -Hit Save
9. Update Code with Phone Number: Go back to the code created in Step. 4.
    - Replace ```[Country Code (US is +1), then Phone Number Purchased through Twillio, e.g. +13332221111]``` in ```callerId="[Country Code (US is +1), then Phone Number Purchased through Twillio, e.g. +13332221111]"```, with the phone number you purchased.
10. Test Your System By Calling the Line
    - "*" Should disconnect you from any given call
    - It will ring everyone first to alert your entire network (the first person or answering machine to pick up is connected, all others are disconnected, but everyone should have a missed call notification).
    - Then it will go down the list individually until you hang up or it has tried every number.

# To Do List
- Test Implementation Proceedure and Take Screenshots to Add
- Implement phone tree to activate different levels of help (i.e. only activate close friends for a flat tire, activate everyone for a legal situation)
  - Add Menu Option with Default Numbers for Lawyer's Guild for Various Regions
  - Add Menu Option for Your Lawyer's Numbers
  - Add Menu Option for Important Things like ALOA's http://findalocksmith.com
- Record phone calls (where legal) and save/blast to group
- Record and send SMS with inbound call number/location/etc. if applicable.
- SMS Activation of Group
- Pin to prevent spam calls from going through (?)
- Conference Call Functionality (?)

# If you're already here, why not implement some of these too?
## Deviant's List of 20 Preparedness Goals:
Dev's take-away lessons from ["Lawyer. Passport. Locksmith. Gun. (A Talk About Risk & Preparedness)" (starting at 1:10:24)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI&t=1h10m24s): 

### All of these can be done without putting on pants:
1. Get (and Use!) a Good Password Manager
2. Get your Closest Friends' Contact Info (Most un-changing email address/phone number and their FULL birthdate/legal name.)
3. Establish Your Trusted Circle 
    - Give them your Top-Level MFA Backup Codes
    - Establish Check-Ins
    - Talk about the "If I have to leave my house at the drop of a hat, can I stay with you?", "I'll put up bail for you, if you'd put up bail for me." types of situations.
4. Obtain (Good!) Criminal Legal Representation 
    - Through friends, work, or just by sitting in court and seeing who does well.
    - Or start with estate planning and ask for recommendations/trusted colleagues.
5. Prepare Key Life Documents
    -E.g., Will, Personal Property Memorandum, Advance Directives, Medical Power of Attorney/Medical Authority Letters
    -Make Copies, Give to Trusted Circle
6. Get 3-4 Copies of your Birth Certificate
7. Get a Passport (or Multiple!)
8. Data Backup Solution (Make sure you have copies in case your house burns down!)
9. Insurance & Banking (Life Insurance, Valuable Personal Property Insurance, etc.; Know who gets your stuff when you die! And make sure your trusted circle knows!)
10. Shared Vault Framework (Make sure your top level password does not die with you!)

### Step outside:
11. Take a Stop the Bleed/Traumatic Wound Care Class
12. If you don't know how to shoot, go with a friend that can take you shooting. If you do know, go to a competition.
13. Find a Locksmith (During the day! http://findalocksmith.com Get their after-hours/emergency number. Test it, see if they answer!)
14. Meet your Neighbors (Get to trust them? Share a key?)

### Reach Goals: 
15. Develop Soft Skills (De-Escalation Training. Therapy! Get your head right so you can do real good when you're under stress!)
16. Go Bag & Evac Drills (Not the prepper kind!) 
    - Hardcopies and electronic copies of important documents, medicine, old glasses, diapers/pet food as needed, phone charger/power bank.
    - Run a drill: Evac the house as if you weren't coming back.
17. Second Passport

### The easy/simple ones: ;D
18. Divest from Policing
19. Abolish Prisons

20. **Never miss the opportunity to tell everyone in your life how much you love them, and how much they matter to you.**

### **__"The Cavalry isn't coming, it's just us. We keep us safe."__** -Deviant Ollam, 2022 (and probably others)

Commit message:

Updated README.md with Conflict of Interest Statement

README.md, after:

## *THIS CODE HAS NOT YET BEEN FULLY TESTED!* 

# Automatic Emergency Ringdown Dialer 
## (Alternatively, "The Oh Fuck! I need some fucking help! Dialer")
Please adapt and improve and change as you see fit. The important thing is that this option is available to those who might need it. 

Consider linking/acknowledging ["Lawyer. Passport. Locksmith. Gun. (A Talk About Risk & Preparedness)"](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI) if you improve/change this code.

## *USE AT YOUR OWN RISK. NO WARRANTIES MADE. YMMV.*

## Conflict of Interest Statement
I am not affiliated with Twilio (or anyone else for that matter), but I have used their services in the past and they are fairly inexpensive (especially as compared to a few of the options from Dev's Video). This, and my (relative) familiarity with their system is why I have implemented this code using their system.

## Inspiration
Deviant Ollam's story about his friend Kara from ["Lawyer. Passport. Locksmith. Gun. (A Talk About Risk & Preparedness)" (starting at 52:46)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI&t=52m46s) through the end of the video, but especially ["L.P.L.G.": 59:34-1:02:42](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI&t=59m34s) (if you only have 60s to spare, please watch ["L.P.L.G.": 1:01:44-1:02:42](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI&t=1h01m44s) to understand why this system and ones like it might be important).

Kara's story hit home for me in a very serious way as a fellow transwoman. She's living/lived my literal worst nightmare, and especially the part about her not being able to get help has always terrified me, and has prevented me from doing/pursuing some of the activism I wanted to take part in. I'm so incredibly sorry she went through everything she did, and I hope she recovers/recovered quickly and that her circumstances improve/improved even more quickly. While I can't do anything to help Kara, I can publish this code to help others like her get access to folks/activate support nets as quickly as possible.

## What does this code do?
The system being implemented here is a version of what Dev describes at ["L.P.L.G.": 1:03:29-1:04:56](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI&t=1h03m29s). It creates **one phone number** for you/your loved ones to remember, where, if/when it is called by anyone, a phone call blast is sent out to all of your emergency contacts (so **everyone** knows something is wrong with someone on the list), and then it dials everyone individually in sequence (in case the first person to pick up is an answering machine/you didn't get the person/people that are most able to help you).

This solution is a more affordable version of the solution that Dev presents at ["L.P.L.G.": 1:03:29-1:04:56](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI&t=1h03m29s). I can't afford $20+/mo right now on a worst case/will hopefully never need to use it solution, but I can spend $2/mo or less for the peace of mind it brings. The Basic Implementation Guide is meant so that anyone can use it, regardless of technical knowledge, because I found Twilio's UI to be somewhat unfriendly to the beginner and I don't want that to be a barrier. If any of it is found to be out of date, please log this under Issues on GitHub, with as much detail as possible.

# Basic Implementation
This system uses [Twilio.com](https://twilio.com) to implement a version of an automatic ring-down list in the most light-weight way possible (to my knowledge) and with minimal technical skill required, Copy-Paste and simple editing of names and phone numbers is all that's required.

1. Make an account at [Twilio.com](https://twilio.com)
2. Verify Email Address and set up 2FA: "Account Name" in Top Right Corner -> User Settings
3. Upgrade from Trial Account: "Upgrade" in Top Bar -> Go through prompts to add address/credit-card/etc.
    - You must have non-Trial account for Twilio to dial phone numbers other than those verified in Twilio
    - I recommend using the auto-top up feature, you want this to work, even if you've forgotten about it.
4. Have Twilio Host Your Code: Explore Products (Sidebar) -> Developer Tools -> TwiML Bins
    - Add Friendly Name
    - Copy and Paste Code from [BasicRingdownCode.xml](BasicRingdownCode.xml)
    - Replace ```[Your Name]```, ```[Friend's Name]```, ```[Country Code, then your phone number, e.g. +19998887770]```, ```[Country Code, then friend's phone number, e.g. +1999888777*]``` fields with your name, your close friends' names, your phone number, your friends' phone numbers, respectively (without the square brackets).
    - Leave ```callerId="[Country Code (US is +1), then Phone Number Purchased through Twillio, e.g. +13332221111]"``` as is, we will update it in Step 9.
    - Make sure the TwiML sytax registers as valid
    - Hit Create
    - Copy the URL
5. Save App URL to a Friendly Name: Explore Products (Sidebar) -> Programmable communications -> Voice -> Manage -> TwiML Apps -> Create new TwiML App
    - Give your app a friendly name
    - Put the URL from step for into the Voice Configuration -> Request URL Field
    - Leave Request Method as HTTP POST
    - Hit Create
6. Add your Verified Caller ID: Explore Products (Sidebar) -> Super Network Section -> Phone Numbers -> Manage -> Verified Caller IDs
    - You must have Verified Caller ID to buy a phone number
7. Get a phone number: Explore Products (Sidebar) -> Super Network Section -> Phone Numbers -> Manage -> Buy a number 
    - Search for a number you/your trusted circle will remember!
    - Hit Buy!
    - Save the phone number to your phone, share with friends, and add it to a slip of paper inside of your phone case (just in case!)
8. Link Code to Phone Number(s): Explore Products (Sidebar) -> Super Network Section -> Phone Numbers -> Manage -> Active Numbers -> [The Number You Just Purchased]
    - (Optional) Give this number a friendly name (e.g. the "OH F*CK LINE")
    - Voice & Fax Section: Use the following settings
      - Accept Incoming: Voice Calls
      - Configure With: TwiML App
      - TWIML App: [The TwiML App Name you created in Step 5.]
    -Hit Save
9. Update Code with Phone Number: Go back to the code created in Step. 4.
    - Replace ```[Country Code (US is +1), then Phone Number Purchased through Twillio, e.g. +13332221111]``` in ```callerId="[Country Code (US is +1), then Phone Number Purchased through Twillio, e.g. +13332221111]"```, with the phone number you purchased.
10. Test Your System By Calling the Line
    - "*" Should disconnect you from any given call
    - It will ring everyone first to alert your entire network (the first person or answering machine to pick up is connected, all others are disconnected, but everyone should have a missed call notification).
    - Then it will go down the list individually until you hang up or it has tried every number.

# To Do List
- Test Implementation Proceedure and Take Screenshots to Add
- Implement phone tree to activate different levels of help (i.e. only activate close friends for a flat tire, activate everyone for a legal situation)
  - Add Menu Option with Default Numbers for Lawyer's Guild for Various Regions
  - Add Menu Option for Your Lawyer's Numbers
  - Add Menu Option for Important Things like ALOA's http://findalocksmith.com
- Record phone calls (where legal) and save/blast to group
- Record and send SMS with inbound call number/location/etc. if applicable.
- SMS Activation of Group
- Pin to prevent spam calls from going through (?)
- Conference Call Functionality (?)

# If you're already here, why not implement some of these too?
## Deviant's List of 20 Preparedness Goals:
Dev's take-away lessons from ["Lawyer. Passport. Locksmith. Gun. (A Talk About Risk & Preparedness)" (starting at 1:10:24)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6ihrGNGesfI&t=1h10m24s): 

### All of these can be done without putting on pants:
1. Get (and Use!) a Good Password Manager
2. Get your Closest Friends' Contact Info (Most un-changing email address/phone number and their FULL birthdate/legal name.)
3. Establish Your Trusted Circle 
    - Give them your Top-Level MFA Backup Codes
    - Establish Check-Ins
    - Talk about the "If I have to leave my house at the drop of a hat, can I stay with you?", "I'll put up bail for you, if you'd put up bail for me." types of situations.
4. Obtain (Good!) Criminal Legal Representation 
    - Through friends, work, or just by sitting in court and seeing who does well.
    - Or start with estate planning and ask for recommendations/trusted colleagues.
5. Prepare Key Life Documents
    -E.g., Will, Personal Property Memorandum, Advance Directives, Medical Power of Attorney/Medical Authority Letters
    -Make Copies, Give to Trusted Circle
6. Get 3-4 Copies of your Birth Certificate
7. Get a Passport (or Multiple!)
8. Data Backup Solution (Make sure you have copies in case your house burns down!)
9. Insurance & Banking (Life Insurance, Valuable Personal Property Insurance, etc.; Know who gets your stuff when you die! And make sure your trusted circle knows!)
10. Shared Vault Framework (Make sure your top level password does not die with you!)

### Step outside:
11. Take a Stop the Bleed/Traumatic Wound Care Class
12. If you don't know how to shoot, go with a friend that can take you shooting. If you do know, go to a competition.
13. Find a Locksmith (During the day! http://findalocksmith.com Get their after-hours/emergency number. Test it, see if they answer!)
14. Meet your Neighbors (Get to trust them? Share a key?)

### Reach Goals: 
15. Develop Soft Skills (De-Escalation Training. Therapy! Get your head right so you can do real good when you're under stress!)
16. Go Bag & Evac Drills (Not the prepper kind!) 
    - Hardcopies and electronic copies of important documents, medicine, old glasses, diapers/pet food as needed, phone charger/power bank.
    - Run a drill: Evac the house as if you weren't coming back.
17. Second Passport

### The easy/simple ones: ;D
18. Divest from Policing
19. Abolish Prisons

20. **Never miss the opportunity to tell everyone in your life how much you love them, and how much they matter to you.**

### **__"The Cavalry isn't coming, it's just us. We keep us safe."__** -Deviant Ollam, 2022 (and probably others)
